D update docs (#363)
hashicorp/nomad-pack: docs/detailed-usage.md

This can be useful when writing a pack, debugging deployments, integrating Nomad
Pack into a CI/CD environment, or if you have another mechanism for handling
deployments to Nomad.

Like the `run` command, the `render` command takes the `--var` and `--var-file`
flags to provide variable values and overrides.

The `--to-dir` flag determines the directory where the rendered templates will
be written.

Packs can create multiple output files. When running the `render` command
without the `--to-dir` flag the `render` command outputs all the rendered pack
templates to the terminal underneath their file names. When rendering a pack's
output to disk, you should use the `--to-dir` flag.

The `--render-output-template` can be passed to additionally render the output
template. Some output templates rely on a deployment for information. In these
cases, the output template may not be rendered with all necessary information.

```shell
nomad-pack render hello-world --to-dir ./tmp --var greeting=hola --render-output-template
```

## Run a pack

To deploy the resources in a pack to Nomad, use the `run` command.

```shell
nomad-pack run hello-world
```

<!-- TODO: awkward -->

> By passing a `--name` value into `run`, Nomad Pack deploys each resource in the
> pack with a metadata value for "pack name". If no name is given, the pack name
> is used by default.
> 
> This allows Nomad Pack to manage multiple deployments of the same pack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass the `--name` flag with a value to the `run` command to override the
default pack name. Nomad Pack deploys each resource in the pack with a metadata
value for "pack name".

This allows Nomad Pack to manage multiple deployments of the same pack.
```
Made an attempt at de-awkward-ing it

To see the type and description of each variable, run the `info` command.

```shell
nomad-pack info hello-world
```

## Plan a pack

If you do not want to immediately deploy the pack, but instead want details on how it will be deployed, run the `plan` command.

> This invokes Nomad in a dry-run mode using the Nomad's [Create Job Plan][nomad-plan] API endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This invokes Nomad in a dry-run mode using the [Create Job Plan][nomad-plan] API endpoint.
```
`the Nomad's` sounds a little awkward and redundant

```shell
nomad-pack plan hello-world
```

By passing a `--name` value into plan, Nomad Pack will look for packs deployed with that name. If no name is provided, Nomad Pack uses the pack name by default.

```shell
nomad-pack plan hello-world --name hola-mundo
```

The `plan` command takes the `--var` and `-f` flags like the `run` command.

```shell
nomad-pack plan hello-world --var greeting=hallo
```

```shell
nomad-pack plan hello-world -f ./my-variables.hcl
```

## Get the status of running packs

If you want to see a list of the packs currently deployed (this may include packs that are stopped but not yet removed), run the `status` command.

```shell
nomad-pack status
```

To see the status of jobs running in a specific pack, use the `status` command with the pack name.

```shell
nomad-pack status hello-world
```

## Stop a running pack

> To stop the jobs without completely removing them from Nomad completely, use the `stop` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stop the jobs without completely removing them from Nomad, use the `stop` command.
```

nomad-pack stop hello-world --name hola-mundo --var job_name=spanish
```

It's also possible to deploy multiple instances of a pack using the same
`--name` value but with different job names using variable overrides.
For example, you can run the following commands, which will create two different
jobs, one named "spanish" and one named "hola".

```shell
nomad-pack run hello-world --name hola-mundo --var job_name=spanish
nomad-pack run hello-world --name hola-mundo --var job_name=hola
```

If you run the destroy command without including the variable overrides, Nomad
Pack destroys both jobs, since by default it targets all jobs belonging to the
specified pack and deployment name.

```shell
# This stops both jobs: "spanish" and "hola"
nomad-pack stop hello-world --name hola-mundo
```

In this case, you must also include the variable overrides so that Nomad Pack
targets the correct instance.

```shell
# This stops the job named "spanish"
nomad-pack stop hello-world --name hola-mundo --var job_name=spanish
```

## Destroy a running pack

If you want to purge the resources deployed by a pack, run the `destroy` command with the pack name.

```shell
nomad-pack destroy hello-world
```

> If you deployed the pack with a `--name` value, pass in the name you gave the pack. For instance, if you deployed with the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you deployed the pack with a `--name` value, pass in the name you gave the pack. For instance, if you deployed it with the following command.
```
